British English Academy.
B2 listening activity.
Course: B2 Confident English.
Module 4: Writing Arguments and Reports.
Lesson 5: Writing Arguments and Reports: Speaking Lesson 5.
Listen for the argument, contrast and evidence.
Listen to the model answer. Then prepare your own short speaking response.
Learning objective: Learners can argue, evaluate, clarify and organise detailed communication in a speaking task about business.
Today you will practise language connected to business.
Target language: mixed conditionals.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise speaking for writing arguments and reports. You will learn useful language connected to business and practise mixed conditionals. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at B2 level.